I did the Graphically enhancing packman task.

Hologram:
The hologram shader was added to the ghosts. Each ghost has a different color, but their base shader stays the same. I used shader graph to get the hologram effect. I did this by making an unlit urp shader, and then set the surface type to transparent. I then created a fresnel effect node and then gave in a float value to its power input so I can modify the effect of the rim. I then multiplied the the output with a color. Then I took another output and inverted it using the oneminus node, and then also multiplied that with a color. I then added both and gave them into the base color of the fragment shader. I also took the added output and multiplied it with a float value called transparency and gave the output into the alpha value. This allows me to modify the outer color, inner color, and the transparency of the ghosts. Multiplying the transperency value with the added rim shader values also makes the darker parts of the object more transparent, creating more realistic hologram effect.

Scrolling Texture:
I added the scrolling texture to the orbs. I implemented it by using the tiling and offset node and changing the offset overtime using the time node. I also use a float value called "slow" to modify the rate at which the orbs scroll. You can see the spinning effect from far because of their speed. I also set the surface type to transparent and multiplied the scrolling texture output with a float value so it has a minor transparency effect towards some areas to create more mystical vibe to the game.

For the two additional shaders, I used bump mapping from the first half of the course, and the decal shader from the second half of the course.

Bump Mapping: This is added to the ground where the game takes place. For this, I used a lit shader. This is achieved using four different textures. The base texture is for the visuals and how the surface should look. The second texture is the normal texture which is given into the normal value of the fragment shader. This basically shows 3d depth using a 2d image. Next, I used a parallax mapping node to take the height map and passed it as a uv onto the main texture and the normal texture. This creates more of a bump effect when used with the normal mapping and the base texture. I also used a roughness texture. I implimented this by using a oneminus node to flip the roughness texture and passed it onto the smoothness value of the fragment shader. This is because the smoothness value shecks for the smoothness, which is the opposite of roughness, so you have to flip the texture if you want proper roughness implemented. I also multiplied the base texture by a color value so I can change the color to be what I want. The reason I applied this to the land is because it makes the most sense. I took inspiration from Legend of Zelda: Breath of the wild for this. That game uses toon shader for most objects and uses normal mapping for the ground, which is what I used for this game where the other objects have kind of a hologram / ominous effect but the ground stays as is. 

Decal Shader: I added this shader to the player character. This should be pacman, but I used a stone hedge model. I did this by adding a secondary texture to the base texture of the model to create a decal effect. I also multiplied the decal texture by a color so we can edit the colors of the decal properly. In this case, pacman has the words "CONSUME" all over it. To create more of a scary effect, i also added scrolling to the pacman so it seems like pacman is consumed by madness and wants to eat the balls around the map while being chased by ghosts. For the other part of this shader, its basically just the bump mapping shader. I added the base texture with this decal texture using the add node. 
